Help & support
Bank with the business bank that helps to keep your money safe, your doors open and your cash flow moving.
- Award-winning1 Business Transaction Account with $0 monthly account fee option
- Access to Australia's largest branch network and 24/7 support in the CommBank app
- Keep CommBank Safe with over $900m invested to protect Australians from scams and fraud2
- Get access to offers and benefits with CommBank Yello for Business.3
Make the most of our exclusive deals and discounts, tailored for businesses just like yours.
Doshii are waiving subscription fees on plans for eligible CommBank merchants. Exclusive limited time offer.
Already a CommBank customer? Eligible existing customers may be conditionally approved for a Business Overdraft and get funds within minutes.^^
Apply in under 10 minutes.
Make the most of your business savings with our standard Business Investment Account.
Offer available from 23 January 2026 for a limited time only.§
Discover our series of practical learning modules across the topics that matter most to businesses. Upskill today, to tackle tomorrow.
Our selector tool can help you in 3 simple steps:
Answer a few questions about your business
Compare and choose from our products and services
View a summary of your choices and next steps
Used this tool before? Retrieve your summary
-
As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should, before acting on this advice, consider its appropriateness to your circumstances. You can view the Terms and Conditions for Business Transaction and Savings Accounts (PDF), Merchant Agreement, our Financial Services Guide (PDF) and the Electronic Banking Terms and Conditions (PDF) and should consider them before making any decision about these products and services. Bank fees and charges may apply.
1 The Small Business Exceptional Everyday Account award was received in 2020-2024 for our Business Transaction Account - $0 monthly account fee option. For more information, visit mozo.com.au.
3 CommBank Yello for Business is available to business customers who meet certain eligibility criteria. Exclusions apply, and both the exclusion and eligibility criteria are subject to change. CommBank may review eligibility and participation based on factors it considers relevant and may update its criteria from time to time. View information on eligibility. Displayed offers may not be accessible to all eligible business customers at all times. For specific provider offer terms and conditions, refer to the CommBank Yello for Business webpage, or access the program via your business profile in the CommBank app for more information.
4 CommBank AFC Women’s Asian Cup Business Giveaway Competition' (Promotion) is conducted by Commonwealth Bank of Australia (Promoter) and runs from 9:00am (AEDT) on 1st February 2026 to 11:59pm (AEDT) on 28th February 2026 (Promotion Period). Open to businesses which during the Promotion Period and up to the date of the draw have an ABN and operate in Australia, in the case of sole traders are an Australian resident at least 18 years of age, are not (as determined by the Promoter) an excluded business and have an Account Holder who: holds an active Business Transaction Account with the Promoter in accordance with the Terms and Conditions for Business Transaction and Savings Accounts (commbank.com.au/btsa), is at least 18 years of age, has a correct email address and phone number recorded with the Promoter and is not an employee of the Promoter or Football Australia, involved in the Promotion or management of the Promoter, Football Australia or any other benefitting organisation. Entry via representative making 20 x transactions of any value via their Business Transaction Account during Promotion Period. Transactions must be made via the same Business Transaction Account. Max 1 prize per business. The first 18 eligible entries drawn in NSW, first 9 eligible entries drawn in WA and first 5 eligible entries drawn in QLD will each win 4 x general admission tickets to an AFC Women’s Asian Cup Australia 2026™ match in their Account Holder's state of residence (valued at a maximum of $320.00). Total prize value: maximum of $10,240.00. There will be 9 x winners for the Perth Semi Final at Perth Stadium (Match 23, 17th March 2026), 9 x winners for the Sydney Semi Final at Stadium Australia (Match 24, 18th March 2026), 3 x winners for the Gold Coast Play Off at Gold Coast Stadium (Match 25, 19th March 2026), 2 x winners for the Gold Coast Play Off at Gold Coast Stadium (Match 26, 19th March 2026) and 9 x winners for the Sydney Final at Stadium Australia (Match 27, 21st March 2026). Random electronic prize draw conducted at 11:00am (AEDT) on 4th March 2026 at the offices of Trade Promotions and Lotteries Pty Ltd (ACN 601 297 330), Level 2, 11 York St, Sydney NSW 2000. Winners notified by 5:00pm on 6th March 2026. Each winner's business name and postcode will be published on the Promoter's website on 6th March 2026. Prizes which are unclaimed by 3:00pm (AEDT) on 11th March 2026 will be forfeited and awarded to reserve winners. Permits: New South Wales Authority No. TP/03182 and NTP/15671.
Terms and conditions apply, see here for full details: Terms and conditions
^ Canstar 2025 Digital Banking - Bank of the Year
≠ This link will bring you to the Doshii website, owned and operated by Doshii Connect Pty Ltd, a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of the CBA. Any use of the Doshii website will be subject to and any information you provide to Doshii will be governed by the Doshii’s terms and privacy policy. CBA is not responsible for the services offered by Doshii and does not endorse or approve, or make warranties, representations or undertakings relating to the content of the Doshii website.
^1 Eligible CommBank merchants in Australia using a CommBank EFTPOS terminal can enjoy any Doshii plan at no cost, including Ordering and Delivery apps, Business apps and Virtual Brands. Charges from app and POS Partners, as well as terminal fees, may apply. This offer is available to existing and new merchants that sign up to Doshii before 31 Dec 2026. Doshii may modify or end the offer at any time. For more, see full Offer terms and conditions on the Doshii website.
§ Interest paid at maturity. Offers available from 23 January 2026 for a limited time only. Information provided (including interest rates) are subject to change. We reserve the right to close or vary this offer at any time. These offers are available for customers eligible for a Business Investment Account or Flexi Business Investment Account, however not applicable to Financial Institution customers. These offers cannot be used in conjunction with any other bonus or special interest offers. This information has been prepared without taking into account your individual or business needs and objectives. You can view the General Information and Terms and Conditions for Business Investment Accounts, Electronic Banking Terms and Conditions (PDF) and our Financial Services Guide and should consider them before making any decision about these products and services.
The target market for these products will be found within the product’s Target Market Determination.
^^An instant decision is subject to the Bank's eligibility and suitability criteria.
Credit provided by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia. These products are only available to approved business customers and for business purposes only. Applications for finance are subject to the Bank's eligibility and suitability criteria and normal credit approval processes. View our current Terms and Conditions for Business Finance and consider them before making any decision about these products. Rates, fees, charges and Terms and Conditions apply.