Help & support
-
5.59
%
PA
Interest rate*
-
5.72
%
PA
Comparison rate*
*Digi Home Loan (Owner Occupied Principal and Interest) for new borrowings with Loan to Value ratio of up to 60%, when compared to CommBank’s other advertised loan rates. Min. new borrowings of $100,000. Comparison rate warning.
Holiday tomorrow.
With up to 300,000 Qantas Points when you apply for a new Digi Home Loan of $300,000 or more. Eligibility criteria, exclusions and Terms and conditions apply+.
-
Book time with a lender instantly
Get the most from your home loan application process and book time with a Home Lending Specialist at a time and place that suits you.
-
Apply for a home loan, conditional pre-approval or refinance
Start your home loan or refinance application online and if eligible receive a conditional approval in minutes.
Home loan types & interest rates
Explore different loan types, home loan interest rates and borrowing options. Navigate home buying with confidence.
Home buying support for business owners
If you're self-employed and ready to buy, talk to our Home Lending Specialists about financing your home loan and business banking needs together.
Low deposit options
If you have a low deposit for a home loan, we offer various options (each with their own eligibility criteria) to help achieve your home ownership goals.
$699 conveyancing**
Home-in’s experienced team and secure, award-winning app will help guide you through the conveyancing process. Built by CommBank and trusted by thousands of Australian home buyers, receive real-time status updates, six-hour contract reviews, and one of the industry’s best on-day settlement rates5. Plus, eligible CommBank customers can access $699 conveyancing with Home-in**.
Save up to $40 per month on More nbn® plans with CommBank Yello.
Get up to $40 off per month for 36 months on new nbn® plans. Plus, enjoy up to $40 off a Wi-Fi router pack with a new nbn® plan.
(This offer ends on 31 March 2026)6
Unlock energy savings by electrifying your home. We work with our selected providers to make your transition an easy one.
-
Information, guides and tools to help you achieve your property dreams.
-
See what options are available to home loan customers needing financial assistance.
Get help from Ceba in the CommBank app or connect with a specialist who can message you back. You’ll need CommBank app notifications turned on so you know when you’ve received a reply.
-
Get the home loans Key Facts Sheet
-
To generate a Key Facts Sheet for our home loans, please visit our Repayments Calculator.
-
Borrowing options & add-ons
Was the information on this page useful?
-
Book an appointment
Book instantly to speak to a Home Loan Specialist at a time that suits you.
-
Manage your loan online
Redraw, change your repayments or loan type to better meet your needs and more.
-
Contact us
Fast-track your call, see expected wait times and connect with a specialist in the CommBank app.
-
Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or chat to a specialist.
-
+ To be eligible for this offer, a loan must meet the following criteria (Eligible Home Loan):
- Loan application is for a new CommBank Digi Home Loan only, submitted between 1 September 2025 and 30 April 2026 inclusive.
- Be submitted online directly via CommBank.com.au, NetBank or the CommBank app. (Loan applications made by Brokers are not eligible.)
- Loan Purpose is for owner-occupier or investment property purchase or refinance from a financial institution other than CommBank. CommBank customers with an existing CommBank home loan are not eligible to refinance their home loan with this offer. The Digi Home Loan is not available for off the plan purchases, the purchase of land, building and construction loans, or bridging loans.
- The application is either in sole or joint names. (Applications from Companies or Trusts are not eligible. Maximum of two applicants per application)
- A minimum loan amount of $300,000 with a Loan to Valuation Ratio (LVR) of 80% or less.
- The loan must be settled 29 July 2026. If you have not settled your home loan within 90 days of receiving pre-approval, your application will need to be refreshed by a CommBank lender to be able to retain your original submission date for the purpose of maintaining eligibility for the offer.
- If, at any time during the offer period, the customer changes their application from a CommBank Digi Home Loan to another home loan product they will no longer be eligible for the Qantas Points offer.
- You must be a member of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program to earn and redeem Qantas Points. If an applicant is not a Qantas Frequent Flyer member, they can join for free here. Membership and Qantas Points are subject to the terms and conditions of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program available at qantas.com/terms
- The application must include the Qantas Frequent Flyer membership number and corresponding last name attached to the Qantas Frequent Flyer account, to whom the Qantas Points will be awarded if eligibility is met. In the case of joint applications, the applicants must nominate one of the co-borrowers to be the recipient of the Qantas Points. The Qantas Frequent Flyer membership number must be added to the loan application prior to settlement, to be eligible for Qantas Points. The membership number can be added as part of the loan application or after submission via the CommBank Digi Home Loan App Tracker.
The Qantas Frequent Flyer member nominated to receive Qantas Points cannot have earned Qantas Points on a CommBank Digi Home Loan offer previously. A member can have multiple CommBank Digi Home loans, including joint applications, however they will only be eligible for Qantas Points once.
If the above conditions are met, Qantas Points will be awarded as follows:
- 100,000 Qantas Points for loans between $300,000 and $499,999
- 200,000 Qantas Points for loans between $500,000 and $999,999
- 300,000 Qantas Points for loans of $1,000,000 or more.
The Qantas Points will be credited to the nominated member’s Qantas Frequent Flyer account within 30 days of settlement and will appear on the nominated member’s Points Activity Statement as ‘CommBank Digi Home Loan’. Qantas Points will not be awarded if the loan is in arrears or default, or any of the borrowers are receiving financial hardship relief or assistance at the time of crediting the points.
You should consider whether the Qantas Points will result in any tax implications for you. We suggest you seek independent advice from your accountant or tax adviser if you are uncertain of the tax implications to you.
This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other advertised or promotional offer. We reserve the right to close or vary this offer at any time.
Home loans issued by Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945. Commonwealth Bank of Australia pays Qantas for Qantas Points issued in relation to this offer. Approval and loan limit are subject to Commonwealth Bank of Australia’s credit assessment criteria. Information, including interest rates and fees, are subject to change. Terms, conditions, fees, charges, lending and eligibility criteria apply. The target market for this product will be found within the product's Target Market Determination, available at commbank.com.au/tmd.
1 Prior to 14 March 2026: To apply for a Wealth Package, you must have an eligible home loan or line of credit with an initial package lending balance of at least $150,000 at the time of your application. Package lending balance is the sum of the account balance of eligible Standard Variable Rate home loans, Fixed Rate home loans that you have with us at the time you apply for Wealth Package. Please refer to the Wealth Package Fact Sheet and Package Terms and Conditions for full details.
On and from 14 March 2026: The Wealth Package will become part of eligible home loans. Eligible home loans include: Standard Variable Rate home loans and Fixed Rate home loans. Eligibility also extends to Viridian Line of Credits which were receiving Package benefits on 13 March 2026, or where a customer/s holds a Viridian Line of Credit and applies for a Standard Variable Rate and/or Fixed Rate home loan after 14 March 2026.
A non-refundable annual fee of $395 is payable in advance. The package can be established in the name of one or two individual’s name/s, or in the name of a corporate entity. It cannot be established in the name of a business or family investment trust.
2 Rate/s apply to new lending only and may include a margin below or above the applicable reference rate. View current reference rates
3 At the end of the fixed rate period, the interest rate converts to the applicable Standard Variable Rate relevant to your loan purpose and repayment type at that time, less any applicable package discount specified in your Loan Contract.
4 Contracts are reviewed within six business hours 95% of the time (October 2023). To ensure contracts are reviewed within six business hours, customers must upload the entire contract within the Home-in app.
5 We Money - Property Innovation of the Year Award (2024), Customer Service Excellence Award - Customer Service Organization of the Year: Small (2023), Finder Innovation Awards - Best Online Customer Service Innovation (2023).
Contracts are reviewed within six business hours 95% of the time (October 2023). To ensure contracts are reviewed within six business hours, customers must upload the entire contract within the Home-in app.
Home-in has one of the highest on-time settlement rates in the industry with 95% of Home-in customers settling on time in 2023.
6 Offer of a monthly discount off the Recommended Retail Price (RRP) of a More nbn® plan for 36 months for new services, or 24 months for existing services is for eligible CommBank Yello customers that qualify for the relevant CommBank Yello tier and who complete sign up by 31 March 2026 using a CommBank credit or debit card and entering a unique offer code at checkout on the More website (to access the 36 month offer on new services) or applying a unique offer code to an existing service via the More customer portal (to access the 24 month offer on existing services). Eligible CommBank Yello customers that qualify for the relevant CommBank Yello tier can also receive a one-time discount off the RRP of a Wi-Fi router pack, when they sign up to a new More nbn® plan in the same transaction. You must continue to pay using an eligible CommBank online bill payment method to maintain the discount. After the promotional period ends, the cost of your plan will revert to the RRP current at that time, subject to an ongoing monthly discount for your CommBank Yello tier provided you continue use an eligible CommBank online bill payment method and remain a CommBank Yello customer. You may be eligible to receive this offer as a CommBank Yello customer under the relevant CommBank Yello tier if you meet each of the applicable eligibility criteria set out in the CommBank Yello Terms and Conditions and your eligibility is not excluded by those terms. The CommBank Yello terms and conditions and eligibility criteria for each tier may be subject to change. Please read the full CommBank Yello Terms and Conditions. If you change CommBank Yello tiers, the discount available to you may be adjusted to reflect your new CommBank Yello tier. If you cease to meet the eligibility for CommBank Yello at any time, your access to the offer may be revoked with effect from the next billing period. During the Offer Period, if you are or you become eligible to receive this offer, you should receive a unique offer code via the CommBank app. Limit of one offer code per customer. CommBank customers are only entitled to receive a discount under any CommBank offer on a maximum of 2 nbn® services per account, and on up to 2 Wi-Fi router packs on an account. The discount on the Wi-Fi router pack is only available when a new More nbn plan is purchased in the same transaction, and this discount only applies once per transaction, regardless of whether you add more than one Wi-Fi Router pack in a single transaction. Wi-Fi routers available under this offer are as set out on the More website from time to time and are subject to change without notice. The RRP of your More nbn® services are subject to change in line with More’s Standard Form of Agreement. CommBank and More reserve the right to vary, update or remove this offer at any time. Please see full terms and condition for the offer, More Standard Form of Agreement and polices at www.more.com.au/policies.
We are making changes to our More offers for CommBank customers. As part of changes to our CommBank Yello More offers we will be removing the current CommBank Yello, Plus, Gold and Diamond More Mobile and More NBN offers from 1 April 2026. These offers will only be available to eligible customers who complete sign up before 1 April 2026.
7 Multiple offsets only allowed with eligible Standard Variable Rate home loans.
8 You can link one Everyday Offset account to each eligible Digi Home Loan and up to two Everyday Offset accounts to each eligible Simple Home Loan. An offset feature fee will apply, see ‘Fees we charge for consumer mortgage lending products'.
9 Awarded 'Bank of the Year - First Home Buyers' by Canstar in July 2025.
10 Awarded 'Bank of the Year - Digital Banking' for 2025 by Canstar in May 2025.
** This offer is valid from 6 May 2025. To secure the offer you will need to engage the services of a Home-in partner law firm via the Home-in app on or after this date. If you engaged the services of a Home-in partner law firm via the Home-in app before this date, you are not eligible for this offer. This offer cannot be combined with other Home-in offers.
This offer is only available to CommBank customers who meet the following criteria:
(a) have an eligible CommBank transaction account: Smart Access, Complete Access, Everyday Offset, Pensioner Security (excluding Pensioner Security Passbook accounts) or Private Bank Account; and
(b) fund an eligible residential property purchase with a CommBank home loan; and
(c) settle this property purchase using the in-app legal services provided through Home-in.
This offer only applies to buy-side conveyancing services for residential property purchases in Australia. Home-in does not offer conveyancing services for the purchase of off-the-plan, rural/agricultural, retail or commercial properties, or properties with a purchase price in excess of $5,000,000. Additional fees apply to conveyancing services in respect of complex titles (such as old system, leasehold and company titles), which are excluded from this offer.
This offer is only available through CommBank’s proprietary channels, it is not available to customers that originate through Bankwest, Unloan or a broker channel.
If you settle on a property without meeting the eligibility criteria, this offer will not apply and you will be required to pay the standard list price for your conveyancing services. If you do not ultimately settle on a property purchase with Home-in within 6 months of your first contract review, any disbursements, contract review fees and ancillary service fees incurred will become payable to Home-in at the standard list price.
The $699 (including GST) offer includes the following conveyancing services: one standard contract review, reasonable negotiation with the vendor’s solicitor, preparation of documents and figures required for settlement and electronic or paper settlement for your property.
Disbursements are additional and charged at cost. For some property purchases, you may require or request additional services for which we charge a professional fee, such as expedited settlement or usage of a trust account.
Find out more about Home-in's pricing by visiting home-in.com.au/pricing. Home-in reserves the right to terminate the offer and change the pricing at any time.
Home-in is a brand of CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd ABN 38 633 072 830 trading as Home-in Digital. CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd is a wholly owned but non-guaranteed subsidiary of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124. CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd is not an Authorised Deposit-taking Institution for the purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) and its obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Commonwealth Bank of Australia.
~ We charge the Rate Lock Fee when we process your request. It is therefore important that you have sufficient funds in your nominated account. The Rate Lock feature only applies to new Fixed Rate home loan and Fixed Rate Investment home loan applications. Rate Lock does not apply to Home Seekers, switching, splitting, top-ups, loan purpose transfers or repayment changes.
^ CommBank My Property won the 2019 ABA Winner for New Product Innovation in The Australian Brand Awards 2019.
# You can choose to pay Principal and Interest weekly, fortnightly, or monthly. Only monthly payments are available for Interest Only. The maximum Interest Only payment period over the life of a loan is 10 years for Investment Home Loans and 5 years for Owner Occupied Home Loans, so long as there is at least 5 years remaining on the Contracted Loan Term. We have different rates that apply, depending on whether you are making Interest Only payments or Principal and Interest repayments. During an Interest Only period, your Interest Only payments won't reduce your loan balance unless you choose to make additional repayments. At the end of an Interest Only period, your repayments will increase to cover Principal and Interest components.
Information provided (including interest rates) are subject to change.
Calculations are estimates provided as a guide only. They assume interest rates don’t change over the life of the loan and are calculated on the rate that applies for the initial period of the loan. Interest rates referenced are current rates and may change at any time.
Fees and charges are payable. The calculations do not take into account fees, charges or other amounts that may be charged to your loan (such as establishment or monthly service fees or stamp duty). Lenders' Mortgage Insurance or a Low Deposit Premium may apply to your loan depending on the size of your deposit; security, applicant and loan attributes. This is a one-off cost and will be added to the loan amount. Any of these additional amounts will increase repayments under the loan.
We have different rates that apply, depending on whether you are making interest only payments or principal and interest repayments. During an interest only period, your interest only payments won't reduce your loan balance. At the end of an interest only period, your repayments will increase to cover principal and interest components.
* Comparison rate calculated on a $150,000 secured loan over a 25 year term. WARNING: Comparison rate is true only for the examples given and may not include all fees and charges. Different terms, fees or other loan amounts might result in a different comparison rate. Comparison rates for variable Interest Only loans are based on an initial 5-year Interest Only period. Comparison rates for fixed Interest Only loans are based on an initial Interest Only period equal in length to the fixed period. During an Interest Only period, your Interest Only payments will not reduce your loan balance. This may mean you pay more interest over the life of the loan.
Calculations are not a loan approval. Applications are subject to credit approval, satisfactory security and minimum deposit requirements. Conditions apply to all loan options. Full terms and conditions will be set out in our loan offer, if an offer is made. Fees and charges are payable. Interest rates are subject to change. As this advice has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances before acting on the advice. You should also read our Financial Services Guide.
***Each Wealth Package is entitled to this benefit for any one eligible card account in the name of a package holder. The credit card must be active on the credit card fee charging date to receive Package benefits.
^^$0 establishment fee offer is available on Simple Home Loan applications submitted between 6 December 2025 and 31 March 2026 inclusive through CommBank’s proprietary and broker channels. Applications submitted outside this period and via other channels are not eligible for this offer.
This offer is only available to CommBank customers who meet the following criteria:
(a) All borrowers must be individuals. Applications from trusts or companies are not eligible; and
(b) Application must be submitted through CommBank’s proprietary or broker channels, it is not available to customers that submit an application through Bankwest or Unloan.
(c) The loan must be for one of the following eligible products:
- Simple Home Loan
- Simple Investment Home Loan.
If your application does not meet the eligibility criteria, the standard establishment fees: $300 for non-off-the-plan purchases and $800 for off-the-plan purchases, will apply.
• CommBank reserves the right to withdraw or amend this offer at any time without notice.